shall we show you ever need to watch
this episode is a guy to Singlish I am
Singaporean I am born and bred here have
been living here for 30 plus years so
Singlish is kind of like a slang we kind
of have our own xn which is very strong
we use certain words that other people
may not understand a lot of these funny
words that we use are borrowed from the
languages they are spoken in Singapore
like Mali tamil chinese and all the
other like meandering dialects so if you
are foreigner watching this today you'll
be learning the basics of Singlish so
one of the key features of Singlish is
that sentences or words are often short
tons I guess Singaporeans do this
because it's just a more efficient way
of getting your message across or maybe
we're just lazy so for example never
mind becomes a mine I don't want it
becomes go on excuse me
becomes excuse like that becomes like
that another key feature about Singlish
is that the sentence structure is often
just directly translated from Mandarin
so for example you wanted another time
instead of saying what is the time now
in proper Queen's English you stay in
our time because that's translated from
rendering since that's easier
another feature of Singlish is that we
love to repeat words for in fact for
example you asked a Singaporean may I
take this the Singapore would like a
they just take teck teck teck
another key feature of English is that
we tend to be very lazy and we tend not
to complete the word so the end of the
word is probably just dropped if you
want to say act with the T right
Singapore so just say act if you want to
say fine you will most likely state fine
it's really difficult for me to say find
it sounds very pretentious like I'm
really up my own ass next the top five
is censure Singlish words that you have
to learn the first one is quintessential
to Austin appareance which is l h la
what la means nothing it means nothing
it's a little bit like saying this is
the best shit you you know your what
does it mean yo doesn't mean anything
it's just to make a sentence sound a
little bit more casual so instead of
saying I can't which is like a rarity
and so to somebody it's not casual and
friendly user and the next word is IO
and Singaporeans love to use this word
as a kind of exclamation for something
that usually isn't very positive for
example are you all right so expensive
it's like what why so expensive for
example if you split something you can
say at your spew so the next word is one
of my favorite words to use all the time
and it is CL it simply means crazy and
usually it comes with this hand action
to the temple she's over there under
Penta Co our next word is CN Mozart I
can mean like God or that you're feeling
Restless or defeated if you say how was
your exam result the pasola reply I all
see the CN singapore's also love to say
what Lao a which is an exclamation that
doesn't really mean anything also it's a
bit of disbelief and shock usually is
something that's not good you say well
now wait but i way out of the line I'm
walking outside and now just be like
well oh it was so hot today we are
learning a foreign language obviously
you have learned the cuss words most of
this curse words I akheon Hakan is a
Chinese dialect and as you can see I
drop the tea I didn't say dialect I said
I like I understand Kennedy in Singapore
love the course was very around genitals
or your mother or your father so it's
like a creative mix of that so I'm
wearing a t-shirt that says MVC B it
means nabbit TI which means your
father's vagina one of the variations of
NBC be NAB Antigua is a tall T by it
means smelly vagina or another variation
of that could be party by which is
cavernous vagina or you can quite how to
bite which means a smelly comfortless
vagina oh gosh so if you're foreigner in
Singapore you probably don't want to go
around saying oh gee by everywhere
because it's kind of rude it's a bit
like saying
hunt in a public place people are going
to be pretty offended yeah but what are
tan Singaporeans are very
unconfrontational so mostly do just the
tourist map wouldn't put you on internet
next one is Tanana which means like fuck
your mother
this one can be pet with Delta by a
Singaporean love to every way we call k
NB C CB it means Kalina boot ulti by
fucking your mother smelly vagina the
next one is can aside which is a little
root it just means like shit if you go
to a restaurant and it's disgusting and
not up to your standard you can tell the
chef a your foot kind of side this if
you want to fight her show lastly I'm
gonna be teaching you some basic
sentences that you can say in Singlish
so for example if you want to say
where's the nearest toilet
you can just say toilet West so if you
want to say can you give me a discount
you can say a Chipola for example you're
at the foot store and you want to get
some of our Singaporean chicken rice
which is very famous
you know something definite you try when
you come to Singapore if you wanna say
two packets of chicken rice to go please
you can instead say to pack a chicken
rice top out and tap out means to pack
and take home so these are for the guys
out there if you want to say a
Singaporean girl it's really pretty
instead of saying wow you're so
beautiful you can take what you get -
the girls come from love so we've come
to the end of the episode hope you guys
enjoyed learning some Singlish from me
but before we go listen to my voice
then your mind go bleh
I had to comma 5
and you follow exactly as I say one two
three four five you will now turn on
your phone and download the click
network egg after downloading you might
as well go to paypal.com
and transfer some money to share share
at gmail.com you will not report this to
the police
no sorry escape this thing hitting my
nose yes seriously thanks for watching
guys go download it please